README.md, before:

# 👋 Hi, I’m @kevlu8

![Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=kevlu8&color=blue)

I'm Kevin Lu, a 17 year old developer from Arcadia, Los Angeles County, United States.

I know C, C++, Python, JS, Lua, and Intel Assembly.

Some of my best projects: [PZOJ](https://github.com/PZOJ/PZOJ), an online judge for competitive programming; and [PZChessBot](https://github.com/kevlu8/PZChessBot), a 3400-rated chess engine from scratch.

In my free time, I enjoy playing [chess](https://lichess.org/@/kevlu8), doing [competitive programming](https://dmoj.ca/user/kevlu8), watching [anime](https://myanimelist.net/animelist/kevlu8), and making [YouTube videos](https://youtube.com/kevlu8).

I speak: English/Mandarin (native), French (B2), Cantonese (A1), and I am learning Japanese and Russian.

I received distinction (top 25%) on the 2022 Canadian Computing Competition Junior division, with a score of 57/75.

I won group 1 on the 2023 Canadian Computing Competition Junior division, with a score of 75/75!

I received honor roll (top ~5%) on the 2024 Canadian Computing Competition Senior division, with a score of 40/75.

I received distinction (top 25%) on the 2025 Canadian Computing Competition Senior division, with a score of 55/75.

Add me on Discord! @kevlu8

<details>
  <summary>Donate!</summary>
  
  If for whatever reason you want to send me money, here are the places you may do so:
  
  - BTC Address (preferred): 31pma4U314hJHSxXBECWxYFPBgL7n9BoCC
    
  - Ethereum: 0x1e6d504dc37c7925f9d937Fbba9eed5313b0f926

  - Ethereum Classic: 0x4f4cf965270a0EeeFA0A52e92b4E5Bc8884D645c
  
  - YouTube Membership: https://www.youtube.com/kevlu8
  
</details>

Commit message:

Revise free time activities in README
Updated hobbies to include listening to music and philosophical debates.

README.md, after:

# 👋 Hi, I’m @kevlu8

![Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=kevlu8&color=blue)

I'm Kevin Lu, a 17 year old developer from Arcadia, Los Angeles County, United States.

I know C, C++, Python, JS, Lua, and Intel Assembly.

Some of my best projects: [PZOJ](https://github.com/PZOJ/PZOJ), an online judge for competitive programming; and [PZChessBot](https://github.com/kevlu8/PZChessBot), a 3400-rated chess engine from scratch.

In my free time, I enjoy playing [chess](https://lichess.org/@/kevlu8), doing [competitive programming](https://dmoj.ca/user/kevlu8), listening to [music](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/1MDrLIsSs2ucCiVwX99rlW?si=ece07f5715e848d6), and listening to philosophical debates.

I speak: English/Mandarin (native), French (B2), Cantonese (A1), and I am learning Japanese and Russian.

I received distinction (top 25%) on the 2022 Canadian Computing Competition Junior division, with a score of 57/75.

I won group 1 on the 2023 Canadian Computing Competition Junior division, with a score of 75/75!

I received honor roll (top ~5%) on the 2024 Canadian Computing Competition Senior division, with a score of 40/75.

I received distinction (top 25%) on the 2025 Canadian Computing Competition Senior division, with a score of 55/75.

Add me on Discord! @kevlu8

<details>
  <summary>Donate!</summary>
  
  If for whatever reason you want to send me money, here are the places you may do so:
  
  - BTC Address (preferred): 31pma4U314hJHSxXBECWxYFPBgL7n9BoCC
    
  - Ethereum: 0x1e6d504dc37c7925f9d937Fbba9eed5313b0f926

  - Ethereum Classic: 0x4f4cf965270a0EeeFA0A52e92b4E5Bc8884D645c
  
  - YouTube Membership: https://www.youtube.com/kevlu8
  
</details>
